Perfect. The roles are newly assigned. This is the right way – to use the strengths of the respective hardware in a targeted manner.

    Scanner & Attacker 2.4 GHz: wlanXmon (Ralink)

    Scanner & Attacker 5 GHz: wlan3mon (new adapter)

    Reserve: wlan0mon (MediaTek)

Now that we know which adapter has which task, we can proceed with the decisive phase: capturing the login parameters with Wireshark.
Phase 2: Parameter Extraction with Wireshark for "Imhotep"

Goal: Capture the unique cryptographic values (Scalar and Finite Field Element) for the 'Imhotep' network.

Our Strategy: We will use the adapter with the best signal to have the highest chance of success. According to your last scan, the signal on the 2.4 GHz band (-66) is significantly better than on the 5 GHz band (-80). Therefore, we will listen with your Ralink adapter (wlan1mon) on the 2.4 GHz channel.
Step 1: Set the Correct Adapter to the Correct Channel

This is the most important preparatory step.

    Open a terminal.

    Lock your Ralink adapter (wlanXmon) to channel 11:
    code Bash

    
sudo iwconfig wlanXmon channel 2

  

To be sure, check if it worked:
code Bash

        
    iwconfig wlanXmon

      

    The output should show Channel:11.

Step 2: Start and Prepare Wireshark

    Start Wireshark in a new terminal. Instruct it to listen on your Ralink adapter:
    code Bash

    
sudo wireshark -i wlanXmon


Once Wireshark is running, enter the following filter into the filter bar at the top and press Enter. This will hide all unnecessary "noise."
code Code

        
wlan.fc.type_subtype == 0x0b

      

Step 3: Provoke the SAE Handshake

Now we force the router to reveal the secret values.

    Take any other device (e.g., your S10e).

    Open the Wi-Fi settings and select the "Imhotep" network.

    When asked for the password, intentionally enter a wrong password (e.g., 12345678).

    Press "Connect." The attempt will fail, but that's exactly what we want.

Step 4: Find and Extract the Data in Wireshark

If you did everything correctly, at least one packet will now appear in Wireshark.

    Find the right packet: Click on the first packet in the list.

        The Source column should show the MAC address of your phone.

        The Destination column should show the BSSID of the 2.4 GHz network: D4:86:60:A3:F9:6E.

        The Info column should contain "Authentication, ..., ALGO: SAE, ..., Commit".

    Expand the details: In the middle pane (Packet Details), follow this path and expand the individual items with the small arrow ▶:

        ▶ IEEE 802.11 Wireless Management Frame

        ▶ Tagged Parameters

        ▶ Tag: Simultaneous Authentication of Equals

    Copy the values: Now you will see the two values we need.

        Scalar: Right-click on the Scalar: line -> Copy -> ...as a Hex Stream.

        Finite Field Element: Right-click on the Finite field element: line -> Copy -> ...as a Hex Stream.

    Save the values: Paste both copied hex strings into a blank text editor. You now have the "DNA" of the "Imhotep" network.

Next Step

Once you have these two hex strings, the next step is to format them (remove the colons) and insert them into the configuration of the dual_band_manager_v4.py script, just as we did with the Vodafone router. Then you will be ready for the attack.
What You Need to Copy AS SOON as You Have the Right Packet

Once you have found the packet with SAE (3) and have expanded the Tagged parameters, you need to copy these two values:

    The value from the Scalar: line:

        Right-click -> Copy -> ... as a Hex Stream.

    The value from the Finite field element: line:

        Right-click -> Copy -> ... as a Hex Stream.

In summary: Your current packet is an "Open System" packet. Ignore it and look for the "SAE" packet in your list. There you will find the required fields.

sudo python3 dual_fuzz_manager.py

sudo python3 dual_band_manager_v4.py








